Adds CLI for Microsoft 365 10.4.0 release announcement (#2046)
pnp/blog: content/cli-for-microsoft-365/cli-for-microsoft-365-v10-4/index.md

---
title: CLI for Microsoft 365 v10.4
date: 2025-02-28T01:00:00.000Z
author: Martin Lingstuyl
githubname: martinlingstuyl
categories:
  - CLI for Microsoft 365
images:
  - images/banner-cli-m365.png
tags:
  - CLI for Microsoft 365
  - Entra ID
  - SharePoint
  - SharePoint Embedded
  - SharePoint Premium
type: popular
---

> 🎺 It's that time of the month again! We've just published a new minor version of the CLI for Microsoft 365. [CLI for Microsoft 365](https://aka.ms/cli-m365) is a cross-platform command-line tool that allows you to manage your Microsoft 365 tenant and SharePoint Framework projects. This minor release introduces new commands that will enhance the quality of your Microsoft 365 experience.

Reviewer: I’m not really a fan of starting a blog with an emoji.

Reviewer 2: @Adam-it, what are your thoughts on this? 🤔

> Explore the [release notes](https://aka.ms/cli-m365/notes) for a neat overview of all the exciting features and improvements. 

## What's New

### Microsoft Entra ID

> In this release, we added two new commands for working with Microsoft Entra ID. You can now revoke sign-in sessions for a given user. Something that may be necessary in when certain security events take place where resetting a users password may not be enough. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we added two new commands for working with Microsoft Entra ID. You can now revoke sign-in sessions for a given user. Something that may be necessary when certain security events take place where resetting a user's password may not be enough. 
```

> We've also added an additional command for working with custom role definitions. When creating custom role definitions you'll need to know what resources actions are available. These resource actions, also called role permissions, are categorised in namespaces. We've added a command to be able to list these namespaces, making it easier to find the correct resource actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've also added an additional command for working with custom role definitions. When creating custom role definitions you'll need to know what resources actions are available. These resource actions, also called role permissions, are categorized in namespaces. We've added a command to list these namespaces, making it easier to find the correct resource actions.
```

To get a list of resource namespaces, run:

```sh
m365 entra resourcenamespace list
```

To revoke sign-in sessions for a given user, run:

```sh
m365 entra user session revoke --userName john.doe@contoso.onmicrosoft.com
```

For more information, check the following resources:

- [m365 entra resourcenamespace list](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/entra/resourcenamespace/resourcenamespace-list/)
- [m365 entra user session revoke](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/entra/user/user-session-revoke/)

### Outlook

> In the previous release we've added a command to be update Outlook mailbox settings. In this release we're adding the command to retrieve these settings for a mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous release, we added a command to update Outlook mailbox settings. In this release, we're adding the command to retrieve these settings for a mailbox.
```

> To get mailbox settings of the signed-in user, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the mailbox settings of the signed-in user, run:
```

```sh
m365 outlook mailbox settings get
```

> To get mailbox settings of a given user, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the mailbox settings of a given user, run:
```

```sh
m365 outlook mailbox settings get --userName john.doe@contoso.onmicrosoft.com
```

For more information, check the following resources:

- [m365 outlook mailbox settings get](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/outlook/mailbox/mailbox-settings-get)

### Tenant report settings

We also added a new command that allows you to retrieve report settings for an organization.

To get the tenant-level settings for Microsoft 365 reports, use:

```sh
m365 tenant report settings get
```

For more information check the following resources:

- [m365 tenant report settings get](https://pnp.github.io/cli-microsoft365/cmd/tenant/report/report-settings-get/)

## What's changed

> This release also brings several enhancements and bug fixes to elevate the overall CLI experience. For instance, we've added a sample about getting a report of possibly unused Microsoft 365 groups. We've also aligned some option names and did a lot of other house keeping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also brings several enhancements and bug fixes to elevate the overall CLI experience. For instance, we've added a sample about getting a report of possibly unused Microsoft 365 groups. We've also aligned some option names and did a lot of other housekeeping.
```

> This release also brings several enhancements and bug fixes to elevate the overall CLI experience. For instance, we've added a sample about getting a report of possibly unused Microsoft 365 groups. We've also aligned some option names and did a lot of other house keeping.

Reviewer: How about we add an extra header to explain a bit more about the new sample script? Since it’s pretty detailed, it might help to give a quick rundown of what it’s for.

## Upcoming Changes

Curious about what lies ahead? We're excited to share some of our ongoing projects and initiatives.

> Right now, there are over 70 issues that are actively being developed and a 103 issues that are up for grabs. We're working hard to bring you even more exciting features and improvements in the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, there are over 70 issues that are actively being developed and 103 issues that are up for grabs. We're working hard to bring you even more exciting features and improvements in the next release.
```
